NU5133 warning documentation (#2699)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/reference/errors-and-warnings/NU5133.md

---
title: NuGet Warning NU5133
description: NU5133 Warning code
author: erdembayar
ms.author: eryondon
ms.date: 03/18/2022
ms.topic: reference

> ms.reviewer: 

Author: Whose name may I put here?

Reviewer: not super relevant.

f1_keywords: 
  - NU5133
---

# NuGet Warning NU5133

## Example

> <pre>Error NU5133: NuGet.exe file on path \Downloads\nuget.exe needs to be unblocked after downloading.</pre>

Reviewer: Warning probabl? Not error.

Author: Good catch.

### Issue

> Web browsers on Windows add "File Downloaded from the Internet" marking into any downloaded file, in this case `nuget.exe`, so Windows automatically flags it as coming from the Internet and potentially dangerous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When downloading a file on Windows, in this case nuget.exe, through a web browser, the `Mark Of The Web` may be added. 
This makes Windows consider that flag as potentially dangerous despite coming from a well known source such as nuget.org. 
As a consequence some `nuget.exe pack` operations may work incorrectly.
```

How about this?

Author: Taken the suggestion, please check.

Therefore pack operation with `nuget.exe` may get blocked even though it's coming from reliable source such as 'nuget.org'.

> ### Solution

Reviewer: This is great. Should we add the powershell alternative?
